AWS Quickstart Updates (#360)
crossplane/docs: content/v1.11/getting-started/provider-aws-part-2.md

## Create a composition
[Part 1]({{<ref "provider-aws" >}}) created a single _managed resource_.

> A _Composition_ is a template to create more than one _managed resource_ at the same time.

Reviewer: I believe this would be more correct:
```suggestion
A _Composition_ is a template to create one or more _managed resources_ at the same time.
```

Reviewer 2: > I believe this would be more correct:

I agree. There are a few more instances of this that need to be corrected as well.

Author: Fixed with other references changed.
